okay for you where did you learn that
song
oh it's Mario song you like it
Mario who's that dude
well how do AK get your ass kicked
yesterday uh maybe I guess so yeah dude
shut up dude I've had much practice I
can't help that because you're such a
did later a rat then shall we go on no I
thought we were talking about my process
what do you think double D or is it a D
but anyway I'm gonna take board ask her
and act with me is that Alright
I always thought you wanted me to
another mission it's because all right
then later AK get your ass over here
uh dude my hair
what's going on out there is that some
sort of an army pack a bunch of
mercenaries looking for their next meal
their villages must have hired him
listen up lads hurt him and hurt him bad
wheeler is punch live and we'll have
holds of hired souls hounding us for the
rest of all days it's just full
villagers they think they can quite a
bunch of Southfork chase us away it
ain't gonna work out how they want it
all they get for their trouble is a
bunch of ruined houses tell them down
boys that'll teach em
Oh
hey you look a better boy
are you ready for it
not today if you want to run away
now's your chance
you sassing me don't that be told I'm
not even trying to read a sentence I i
meant for better than this I don't want
to die here
well that about does it
right ACK oh yeah that was a bad son is
riding my ex you that was all right I've
had better fun dude do that
well you still have a long way to go
after all commander Grail is a douche
what nothing special nothing special
like Boyd don't worry about it you'll
figure it out mmm I had a snack this
Eddy you for saying that it's not funny
a possums funny is the time you got that
Lance tip shoved up your ass all the
time you would shut up damn it it was
personal how rude anyways boss under
first puzzle welcome to the club
everyone good then let's get going so I
can get sponge bath from commander grill